<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">

<html><head><title>Consumer Input</title>

                <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html">
                <link rel="stylesheet" href="/site_media/css/eulastyle.css" type="text/css" media="screen" title="Default" />
                </head>

<body class="bodyCopy">



<p><b>Consumer Input Mobile Download Privacy Policy</b></p>

<p>Effective: March 31, 2015</p>

<p>If you are upgrading the Application from an older version, re-joining this research program, or otherwise accepting the latest version of this Policy, you agree that after doing so, your data previously collected by Compete under your prior participation in the program may be used as described in this Policy. You may always uninstall the Application (which requires that you uninstall both the meter and VPN) by following all of the defined steps from the instructions provided here, <a href="/MobileRemoval/">https://www.consumerinput.com/MobileRemoval/</a>.</p>

<p>Previous versions of this privacy policy may be viewed at the following location <a href="/CIMobilePrivacy_Archive/">https://www.consumerinput.com/CIMobilePrivacy_Archive/</a></p>

<p>IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THIS PRIVACY POLICY: The privacy policy which appears below is applicable to all users of the Compete Consumer Input Mobile data collection application, except for those users recruited into the mobile panel as a result of membership in the MySurvey and GlobalTestMarket Panel. For MySurvey and GlobalTestMarket Panel members, please refer to the MySurvey Mobile Privacy Policy located here<a href="https://www.mysurveymobileconnect.com/Privacy/MySurvey.aspx"> https://www.mysurveymobileconnect.com/Privacy/MySurvey.aspx</a>. If you are not sure which program you were recruited through, please contact MySurvey support at <a href="https://www.mysurvey.com/index.cfm?action=Main.lobbyGeneral&myContent=CONTACT">https://www.mysurvey.com/index.cfm?action=Main.lobbyGeneral&myContent=CONTACT</a>, GlobalTestMarket at <a href="https://www.globaltestmarket.com/contact.php"> https://www.globaltestmarket.com/contact.php</a>, or Compete at <a href="mailto:privacy@compete.com">privacy@compete.com</a>.</p>

<p>This privacy policy ("Policy") describes the commitment that Compete, Inc. ("Compete", "We", or "Us"), which operates the Consumer Input research panel, makes to protect your privacy. Compete works closely with our technology vendor, RealityMine, Ltd ("RealityMine"). This Policy applies to all Consumer Input panel members or respondents recruited from additional third party sources who agree to participate in this specific Compete Consumer Input Mobile research program ("Program") that involves downloading and installing to their mobile device a small software application called Consumer Input Mobile (the "Application", comprised of the Meter and VPN, as described further below) made available by RealityMine on behalf of Compete. For more information about Compete, please visit <a href="http://www.compete.com">http://www.compete.com</a>.</p>

<p>This policy describes our data collection and use practices for consumers who download the Application. This privacy policy applies only to the operation of the Application and not to any other application, website or service. While we encourage our partners to comply with best practices regarding consumer privacy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party product with which the Application may be bundled.</p>

<p>This Policy is divided into the following sub-topics. If you have any additional questions, you may contact us as described at the end of this Policy.</p>

<p>Relevant Links for this Policy: </p>
<a href="#1">Information Collection</a><br>
<a href="#2">Protecting Personal & Sensitive Information </a><br>
<a href="#3">Cookies</a><br>
<a href="#4">Information Use and Sharing </a><br>
<a href="#5">Additional Disclosures of your Information </a><br>
<a href="#6">Application Removal & Opt-Out </a><br>
<a href="#7">Data Security</a><br>
<a href="#8">Data Access Rights</a><br>
<a href="#9">Data Retention </a><br>
<a href="#10">Children's Privacy</a><br>
<a href="#11">Privacy Policy Changes</a> <br>
<a href="#12">Data Stored in the United States</a><br>
<a href="#13">Data from EU Residents</a><br>
<a href="#14">Contact Us</a> <br>

<p><b><a name="1">Information Collection</a></b></p>

<p>We may collect both non-personally identifiable information and personally identifiable information from you as described below. </p>

<p>The Application primarily collects "clickstream data". Clickstream data is information generated by you and your device while surfing the Internet and interacting with various sites, services, apps, and device functions.</p>

<p>The Application will either install the "Meter" (a piece of software on your device to collect the data described above) and/or will establish the "VPN" (a profile on your device to direct all internet data generated by and for your device through RealityMine to enable Compete to collect the data), which individually and collectively are components of the Application. Regardless of whether data is collected via the Meter or the VPN, Compete will only use the data as described in this Policy.</p>

<p>In greater detail, the Application collects the following types of information: </p>

</p>1. Online browsing: This includes the sites you visit and apps you use, including news sites/apps or social networks, and your interactions with them.</p>

</p>2. Online activities: This includes the search terms you enter and the results of such searches, the videos you view, the products you shop for online, information you enter into forms, the materials you download or upload, the advertisements you see, information and content on sites or apps that you visit or use and with which you interact and may include personal, financial and health information (subject to the process described below in the section entitled "Protecting Personal & Sensitive Information"). </p>

</p>3. Information on secure pages/apps: This includes information and content from protected or secure pages or apps that you access, such as online accounts or the content of complete and incomplete consumer transactions when you are checking out through a service's shopping cart, even if the service makes this information unreadable to others.</p> 

</p>4. System information: This includes information about the device and system you are running on, including unique identifiers that may be stored in your mobile device's operating system such as your device's unique identifier, IP address and phone number of the device, unique identifiers used by websites and applications, how the Application is operating, information about your accessing of cellular and wifi networks and which applications are installed or running. </p>

</p>5. Mobile Usage Information: This includes information about your use of your mobile device which we are able to collect if you have downloaded and installed our Application on your device. Please note this information is collected and transmitted to us "in the background", and does not require any further activation on your part. We call this 'passive tracking'. This can include the following types of information:</p>

<ul>
<li>Information about your internet browsing habits - how much time you spend browsing the internet on your mobile device, the sites you visit or apps you use, and the terms of any search you carry out. 
<li>Information about your usage of other apps and features on your mobile device, including the identity of the apps and features, when you downloaded them, how often you use them and for how long. This includes things like your use of the camera(s) (although we do not collect your photos) and the media player(s) (including the titles of songs/tracks and videos)
<li>Your location (see below) 
<li>Information about the time and duration of calls you make or receive on your mobile device. We do not collect or record the content of your calls. 
<li>Information about when you send or receive text messages, SMS or MMS. We do not intentionally collect or record the content of SMS text or MMS messages sent and received through your phone's native OS.
<li>Information about the time emails are sent and received on your mobile device. 
<li>Whether you call, email, SMS or MMS, RealityMine systems 'scramble' those persons' numbers or email addresses, so we will not identify the telephone number or email address of the person you are calling/emailing/texting; however, we can tell whether they are already in your 'Contacts' in your mobile device.
<li>The start and end times of your appointments, and 'scrambled' versions of the titles of those appointments.
<li>Information about the type of mobile device you own, when and for how long you charge it, its battery status, whether it is switched on, off or in a stand-by or 'Airplane' mode. 
<li>Information about which mobile network you use, which wifi networks you connect to, and at what times. 
<li>Information about the volume of data downloaded to your mobile device, the times that you download that data and the method of connection you use (wifi or mobile network). 
<li>Information we can deduce from combining the above information - e.g., what apps you were using just before you searched for particular information using your mobile device's internet browser, or how often you call, email or text a particular contact, or the geographic location in which you are most likely to charge your device, make a telephone call, or download an app. 
</ul>

<p>6. Location Information: This includes information which reveals the geographic location of your mobile device, even if you have location sharing for apps turned off. When you first download the Application, you will be asked if you agree to your location information being disclosed to us. If you consent, then we may collect and transmit this information on a semi-continuous and passive basis, which does not require any further activation on your part. If you wish at any stage to turn off this passive location tracking, you will need to uninstall the Application (which requires that you uninstall both the meter and VPN), by following all of the defined steps from the instructions set out here, <a href="/MobileRemoval/">https://www.consumerinput.com/mobileremoval/<a/>.</p>

<p>7. Information you provide. In some cases, we may ask you to send video, audio or image content to us. That content may include personal information, for example in the form of an identifiable image of you. We may also invite you to participate in surveys, in which case your responses are considered information collected under, and subject to, this Policy.<p>

<p>The above list contains examples of the type of data collected, and is not a comprehensive list of every single data element within such data types.<p>

<p><b><a name="2">Protecting Personal & Sensitive Information</a></b><p>

<p>We have established certain procedural and technical privacy rules designed to try to avoid the use of certain types of personally identifiable and sensitive information that can be identified by those processes, such as credit card numbers, social security numbers, email addresses and email content from most web-based email accounts. Procedures executed by our personnel are designed to prevent certain types of personally identifiable and sensitive information from being used in our services except as allowed by this Policy. </p>

<p>As part of our security program, we conduct regular checks to update and refresh these procedures and technical rules.<p>

<p>When your information is sent over the public Internet by the Application, it is transmitted through either a secure means of encryption, or the same means of transmission used by your device in the absence of the Application. For example, information normally sent by your device in an encrypted fashion is sent by the Application to Us and Our vendor in an encrypted fashion. Similarly, information normally sent by your device in an unencrypted fashion may be sent by the Application unencrypted, or we may choose to send it in an encrypted fashion. In other words, the Application does not reduce the security procedures that your device uses to transmit information.</p>

</p>Despite our efforts, certain personally identifiable or sensitive information might get through the privacy rules and procedures, such as health and financial details. However, we do not knowingly use any inadvertently retained personally identifiable or sensitive information in our services, and we make reasonable efforts to review and update our rules to keep up with any changes.</p>

<p><b><a name="3">Cookies</a></b><p>

<p>We may collect certain information in part through the use of a technology called a "cookie." Our cookie is a small text file that is saved to your device using your browser, which allows sites to recognize you and store preferences and other information if you return to the site using the same device and browser. </p>

<p>We use temporary session cookies during the download and registration process to correctly identify the research panel that you have joined, enable the creation of a unique, anonymous identifier and to trigger the download process. </p>

<p>We may use our cookies apart from the Application and link that data to other data in your profile, including data that is collected through your use of the Application. Please note that this only applies to Compete and or Consumer Input cookies.</p>

<p>You may remove our cookies and/or control their operation by adjusting your browser settings. Please visit the 'help' section of your browser for more information.</p>

<p><b><a name="4">Information Use and Sharing</a></b></p>

<p>This section describes how your data - which includes web use, app use, demographic information, survey responses and information we have obtained from third parties - contributes to the kinds of services our clients buy from us. Our typical process is to combine panel members' data into consumer segments and report on the aggregated (or grouped) results. Consumer segments are pools of users who have common interests or characteristics, for example, "women between the ages of 28-34 interested in travel websites." Once aggregated, the results and consumer segments are shared with our clients and other parties as described in this Policy. The following are examples of the kinds of services we provide, and how your data is used in these services: </p>

<p><i>Advertising Research</i> - Your data is combined with data from other users into a pool that is then analyzed for exposure to certain advertising. Information about the combined pool, which does not identify any particular user, is shared with clients so they can understand if and how their advertising spending impacts the consumer journey and consumer decisions. For example, by comparing the behaviors of a group of users who saw a particular online advertisement with another group of users who did not see that advertisement, We can help advertisers understand the effectiveness of their ads.  The Application may also modify or replace content or ads that you see, as part of a market research study.</p>

<p><i>Media Use Analysis</i> - Your data is combined with data from other users to form consumer segments that are shared with clients without identifying any particular user. These segments are typically analyzed on behalf of clients to understand where consumers go online and how consumers interact with digital media, which includes website content, apps and advertising that they see. For example, we help companies understand the effectiveness of their websites or apps by comparing how users are interacting with their websites or apps versus how users are interacting with their competitors' websites or apps. </p>

<p><i>Profile Building</i> - We may use the personally identifiable information you have provided to us outside of the Application or an identifier associated with you that by itself is anonymous (such as an IP address or similar identifier) to get additional information about you from other public and private data sources. These third party data sources may provide us information on your purchases (both online and off-line), your household and lifestyle information, and broader demographic and personal history details. We may combine this information with other information to create and enhance profiles that are shared as described in this Policy. For example, by looking at both web browsing activity and in-store purchases, our research may identify a consumer segment whose members visit certain websites when they are in the process of researching a product (like a television, computer, or automobile) but are likely to make the actual purchase in a physical store. This data can help the manufacturer or seller of that product better understand where to find customers who may be interested in their products.</p>

<p><i>Multi-program Data</i> - If you opted into this Policy after September 10, 2014 or opted in to allow combined data use from multiple devices or multiple research programs administered by Us (whether directly or indirectly, and regardless of device and applicable policy for any other program), we may use any information we have about you to match the data collected through this Program with the data collected through such other panels and programs (including data collected in the past), and use the combined "multi-use" data pursuant to this Policy.</p>

<p><i>Consumer Analysis</i> - We may use your data, including personally identifiable information we have obtained directly or through a trusted third party vendor, to enhance our or our customer's consumer profiles explained above. We use personally identifiable information in this way when our customer already has this information because it is usually the only way to match our profiles with those of our customers. Sometimes we may gather information from your clickstream data, such as a session ID or site user ID, and share it with a third party in order to match your information with the information possessed by that third party, as part of our services. Although in each of these cases we permit these other parties and our customers to use your information to enhance their broader consumer segments, to which they then may target advertising, we prohibit these parties from using your information to target advertising to you individually. So in the normal course of your online activities, you may be a member of a broader consumer segment that sees particular advertising that your data helped create.</p> 

<p><i>User-Level Data</i> - On occasion, we may share user-level data we collected from you with third parties (including affiliates), for purposes beyond the specific examples noted in this Policy.  User-level data is information that is associated with your specific device and is not aggregated with other data.  For example, we may share data with a third party that reveals that you have viewed certain sites or used certain apps or features, but you will not be personally identified with such information.  Rather, the user-level data will be associated with an anonymous identifier (such as user 'X').  We prohibit the third parties with whom we share such user-level data from trying to uncover the actual identity of 'X', except as may be otherwise allowed under this Policy, such as in the "Consumer Analysis" section above.</p>

<p><i>Targeted Surveys</i> - We may send you invitations to participate in surveys on the basis of your online behaviors collected by the Application or merely based upon your participation in the Program. For example, if you visit sites that suggest you enjoy travel, we may send you a survey regarding travel services. We may provide our clients with some or all of the responses to these surveys without directly identifying any particular user, including specific answers and quotes from individual respondents. </p>

<p>We also may use your information for purposes of maintaining the configuration and proper functioning of the Application, for database or Application services (such as customer support, email, or surveys), and for purposes of data quality and data cleansing. </p>

<p>We may provide RealityMine with data collected through the Application for RealityMine's own internal use only to develop and enhance its general offerings, however, RealityMine is not authorized to provide any third party with access to or use of such data in any manner that identifies you.</p>

<p>As part of the registration process prior to installation of the Application or in connection with your participation in a survey or other service, we may directly collect information such as your name, telephone number, email address, birth year, household information, income, gender, and ethnicity. This information is part of your consumer profile and used as described above. Of course, the contact information you give also helps us reach you with information related to Application maintenance and upgrades and other service related communications. </p>

<p>When working with a third party (such as another data provider) to supplement your profile, we protect your privacy by having our partner sign a confidentiality agreement stating that they will not share personally identifiable information with unauthorized parties. We instruct them to maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of the information we provide and not to use the information for any purpose other than those we explicitly authorize. </p>

<p>We may share information about you with authorized vendors and service providers, such as RealityMine Ltd., in connection with the services that they perform for us. These third parties are prohibited from using your information for other purposes. </p>

<p><b><a name="5">Additional Disclosures of your Information</a></b></p>

<p>In the event We go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your information may be among the assets transferred.</p>

<p>We also reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law, court order, or legal process served on us, when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, or to combat suspected fraudulent activities. </p>

<p><b><a name="6">Application Removal & Opt-out</a></b></p>

<p>You can opt-out of this Program at any time by removing the Application (which requires that you uninstall both the meter and VPN) from your device. You may uninstall the Application, by following all of the defined steps from the instructions set out here, <a href="/MobileRemoval/">https://www.consumerinput.com/MobileRemoval/</a>. Note that the two components of the Application (Meter <b>and</b> VPN) can exist separately on certain devices and must be removed separately by following all defined steps of the Application Removal Instructions.</p>

<p>If you are not able to quickly and easily opt-out from data collection, we can and will help you if you ask. If you have any questions regarding removal or opting-out, you may contact Compete via email at <a href="mailto:mobilesupport@consumerinput.com">mobilesupport@consumerinput.com</a> or call us at 1 (888) 744-6028 or (617) 933-5699.</p>

<p>We do not respond to or honor do not track signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.</p>

<p>If you have set your browser to "private browsing" or a similar setting, the Application may still continue to operate and collect data to be sent to Us. To completely stop the operation of the Application and the collection of data from your device, you must follow the instructions above to remove the Application (which requires that you uninstall both the meter and VPN). </p>

<p><b><a name="7">Data Security</a></b></p>

<p>We have put in place reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized access to the information we collect. However, no security measures are 100% impenetrable and we cannot guarantee against all potential security breaches. Moreover, the transmission of information over the Internet is not inherently secure, and we are not responsible for the transmission of information over networks that we do not control. Your use of our Application demonstrates your assumption of these risks, to the fullest extent allowed by law. </p>

<p><b><a name="8">Data Access Rights</a></b></p>

<p>If you would like to modify or remove personally identifiable information about you that is being held by Compete, then you should contact us with your specific requests using the information in the Contact Us section below. We will respond to your access request within 30 days. Such access rights do not include the ability to modify or remove clickstream data, information that has been inadvertently collected as described above in the Protecting Personal & Sensitive Information section or information that has already been shared with a third party as permitted by this Policy.</p>

<p><b><a name="9">Data Retention</a></b></p>

<p>We will retain the information described above for as long as the information has value as part of the services we offer to our clients, or as long as is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, whichever is longer. If you opt out of the Program by following the directions to remove the Application (which requires that you uninstall both the meter and VPN) as described above in the Application Removal & Opt Out section, we no longer will collect data from you but we will retain and continue to use your data collected prior to your removal of the Application unless you contact us pursuant to the Data Access Rights section above. </p>

<p><b><a name="10">Children's Privacy</a></b></p>

<p>We do not seek to collect personal information from users under the age of 15 for use in connection with our online research panels. If we do seek to collect personal information from users under 15 in the future, we will, when applicable, obtain verifiable parental consent and adhere to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and all appropriate data laws and regulations.</p>

<p><b><a name="11">Privacy Policy Changes</a></b></p>

<p>If we are going to use your information in a manner materially different from that stated in our  Policy at the time of collection, you will be notified via email or via the Application by Us or by our data partner directly. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner and instructions for how to make that choice will be included in the notification. </p>

<p>If we make any changes to our privacy practices that do not materially affect information already stored in our database or for future collection, we will post a prominent notice on our website notifying our members that there is a change and pointing them to the revised Policy. </p>

<p><b><a name="12">Data Stored in the United States</a></b></p>

<p>Data is collected and transmitted by the Application from your device to RealityMine, whose servers are located in the United Kingdom. Data is then transferred to Us. Our servers are maintained in the United States of America. By using the Application, you freely and specifically give us your consent to export your personally identifiable information to the USA and to store and use it in the USA as specified in this Policy. You understand that our data is subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the United States.</p>

<p><b><a name="13">Data from EU residents</a></b></p>

<p>Compete complies with the U.S. - E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Compete has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Compete’s certification, please visit <a href="http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/">http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/</a>.</p>

<p>If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with the Safe Harbor you should first contact us (as provided above). If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you may raise your complaint with the International Center for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association (ICDR/AAA),  using this URL (<a href="https://apps.adr.org/webfile">https://apps.adr.org/webfile</a>.),fax  to 877-304-8457, or mail to International Centre for Dispute Resolution at the following address:</p>

<p>International Centre for Dispute Resolution
<br>A Division of the American Arbitration Association
<br>Case Filing Services
<br>1101 Laurel Oak Road, Suite 100
<br>Voorhees, NJ 08043</p>

<p>If you are faxing or mailing ICDR/AAA to lodge a complaint, you must use the form found at <a href="https://apps.adr.org/webfile">https://apps.adr.org/webfile</a>. For information about ICDR/AAA, use the URL <a href="http://go.adr.org/safeharbor">http://go.adr.org/safeharbor</a></p>

<p><b><a name="14">Contact Us</a></b></p>

<p>For general support inquiries please contact at <a href="mailto:mobilesupport@consumerinput.com">mobilesupport@consumerinput.com</a> or call us at (888) 744-6028 or (617) 933-5699.</p>

<p>If you have questions related to this Policy, the data that has been collected by the Application, or other privacy concerns, please contact us via email at <a href="mailto:privacy@compete.com">privacy@compete.com</a> or by writing to us at: </p>
Privacy Officer <br>
Compete, Inc. <br>
501 Boylston Street, Suite 6101 <br>
Boston, MA 02116<br>
<br><br>
Copyright &copy; 2013-2015 by Compete, Inc.
<br><br>



</body>
</html>